in the year that tartan came to Ashdod
when saga and the king of Assyria sent
him and he fought against Ashdod and
took it at the same time the Lord spoke
by Isaiah the son of Amoz go and remove
the sack cloth from your body and take
your sandals off your feet and he did so
walking naked and barefoot when the Lord
said just as my servant Isaiah has
walked naked and barefoot three years
for a sign and a wonder against Egypt
and Ethiopia so shall the king of
Assyria lead away the Egyptians as
prisoners and the Ethiopians as captives
young and old naked and barefoot with
their buttocks uncovered to the shaming
of Egypt then they shall be afraid and
ashamed of Ethiopia their expectation
and Egypt their glory and the inhabitant
of this territory will say in that day
surely such is our expectation wherever
we flee for help to be delivered from
the king of Assyria and how shall we
escape
you